docs: add information to readme (#1)
eduNEXT/openedx-event-sink-clickhouse: README.rst

Deploying
=========

> The Open edX Sink Clickhouse component is a Python library which doesn't

Reviewer: If this application needs to be part of the installed apps of a service, then it needs to be a django plugin, right? Then you can change python library -> django plugin

need independent deployment. Therefore, its setup is reasonably
straightforward. First, it needs to be added to your service
requirements, and then it will be installed alongside requirements
of the service.

If the service you intend to use is either the LMS or CMS, then
the library is installed alongside their requirements since the

> Nutmeg release.

Reviewer: These last two lines are not true for this app

Getting Help
************

Documentation
=============

> See `documentation on Read the Docs <https://openedx-filters.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `documentation on Read the Docs <https://openedx-event-sink-clickhouse.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.
```
